Version update (#64)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: TESTS.rst

> Software tests

Reviewer: Is this file linked anywhere else in docs?

Author: No, this is purely a top level readme-esque file. This used to be in the `README.rst` file, but we spun it out into it's own file so it wouldn't render on github and take too much space.

Author: But, the same information is also duplicated inside the docs (in the installation page).

==============

The Strawberry Fields test suite requires `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/>`_ and `pytest-cov <https://pytest-cov.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ for coverage reports. These can both be installed via ``pip``:
::

    $ pip install pytest pytest-cov

To ensure that Strawberry Fields is working correctly after installation, the test suite can be run by navigating to the source code folder and running
::

    $ make test

> Note that this runs *all* of the tests, using *all* available backends, so can be quite slow (it should take around 40 minutes to complete). Alternatively, you can run the full test suite for a particular component by running

Reviewer: Is the 40 minute estimate accurate for tests that a user would run locally (i.e., in sequence)?

Author: Actually, you're right. It would be about an hour now. This is because the previous version of `make test` *said* it was running all the tests, but would only run the tests in pure mode. Now, they will run in both pure and mixed mode.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that this runs *all* of the tests, using *all* available backends, in both pure *and* mixed modes, so can be quite slow (it should take around 1 hour to complete). Alternatively, you can run the full test suite for a particular component by running
```
